// 0- Eric
// 1- Butcher
// 2- Crystal / Bentley
// 9- Tutorial

// Beginning
1:Eric!
1:The Evil Wizard Council have taken over our town with the help of their Goblin mercenaries. Could you please help us?
0:I'm not sure how I can help, after I left the council, they stole my magic drawing crystal. 
0:However I've narrowed down the search for a new crystal to somewhere in this area.
1:.... YOU were on the Evil wizard council? 
0:...
1:Anyway, I heard talk of a powerful crystal somewhere in the valley east of here. Maybe that's what you're looking for.
0:Thanks! That sounds promising. I'll head there now!
1:If you can, I heard that the source of the council's power is located in the goblin tower over in Lathdal, you must destroy it!
0:How do you know all this?
1:Goblins can't hold their liquor!
0:...
1:...
0:...Well, I'll do what I can, after I get the crystal.


// Taking the Crystal
0:Yes! Finally a magic crystal! What's your name?
2:[In a british accent]....I'm a crystal, I don't have a name.
0:Hmmm, my last crystal was called Bentley, I'll call you Bentley II!
2:Whatever floats your boat, so where are you going to drag me?
0:We're going to destroy the Evil Wizard Council's source of power for that weird dude in the bloody apron.
2:Sounds dull. Do you remember how to draw?
0:Yes, I think so.
2:Just click and drag your cursor around the sky to make platforms. Right click to erase the oldest line and regain it's magink
0:I just said that I remember.
2:Whatever. I can't hold endless amounts of platforms now. One long or two small ones at most.
0:I'll be careful.
2:And by the way, I hate making a mess, so please don't try to kill anyone with my powers, Eric.
0:(...How did he know my name)

// Fire in the end
0:This fire is made with magink. Corrupted evil magink...
0:Only my old friend Ian the Ignitor could have done this.
0:He must be running things at the tower!
2:Must we go to the tower?
0:Ian is one of the three remaining members of the Evil Wizard Council, we must stop him.
2:As you wish...